Create, Write, and Delete Files.
	This topic may seem straightforward, dull, and old-fashioned to discuss. It is actually a widespread practice in the enterprise world to create text files as temporary storage for data. It is also not uncommon to find logging in older applications using files. The ability to read, process, and modify text files is an essential programming concept to learn. The general dos and don'ts you will learn about Java's file access pattern also apply to other applications. At the same time, I could get into how to access files. It would be more beneficial to give a Do and Don't list of what I have learned over the years.
	Here is a list of Do's that I have learned over time for file access. Some of these will correlate with the don't list that is next.
Create log files in the Year_Month_Day format if you expect many logs per day. Include the hour as well.
Set meaningful file extensions; don't just use .txt for all files you create. If the data you are saving is JSON, then save the file as a .json. Future developers and readers of that text file will thank you (or curse you if you don't)
File names matter, for example, if you are creating a log file for a particular application. Adding the file name to the beginning of the name will group similar file logs for easier viewing. This method comes in handy if you need to copy multiple logs from different applications and directories without renaming the log files as you copy them locally to your machine.
Use files for temporary data storage. For instance, if you have a lot of data that an application has to prepare for another application. It is sometimes easier to create a text file of that data for the next app to consume, rather than a database table that then needs to be maintained.
Here is a list of Don'ts
Don't access and modify the same files from multiple threads in an app. There are some exceptions, like using NLog, where this isn't as much of a concern, but even then, it causes slowdowns when logging, so try to avoid it as much as possible.
Don't use text files as your sole source of data. Text files are very prone to corruption, and it is easy to take down a system by accidentally deleting a needed file.
When dealing with logs of active apps, it is best to copy the logs locally and then open them so you don't lock the files. Many programmers log exceptions when trying to access random files. You get into a chicken-and-egg situation when talking about logging a log you couldn't log.

Exceptions: try/catch/throw.

	This is a critical topic to discuss. Many new developers struggle to handle exceptions correctly. Many never handle exceptions and let them roll up to the UI for handling. Very few try to catch every possible exception and handle each scenario. 
	I want to dissect the 3 sections of Try/Catch/Throw and explain when you would use them. Generally, you will see Try and Catch always paired together.
	The Try section is generally used to denote a section of code that has a probability of throwing an error, and you don't want the mistake to roll up any further than where you have the Try statement without first handling it. 
	The Catch section is used after the Try section to catch exceptions thrown within the Try section. If you don't want to "Catch" anything and just want to swallow any errors that happen, you can always have a Finally block only. I wouldn't recommend doing that, ever since you are swallowing an exception that could be hiding a bigger problem.
	The Throw statement can be found in any code block. It doesn't have to live within a try-catch block. The throw statement allows you to throw your own specially made exception messages. Generally, in the past, I have used this as a validation technique to protect API's before I even try doing the logic within the API. Essentially, I compile a list of "exceptions" or "validation errors" and return it via an API to tell the user what they are doing wrong. This method saves time and processing power by avoiding the round-trip to the database, which would return an error saying that Parameter "X" is null and can't be found.
	I could talk about the Finally statement and how you can also do try-with-resources. But I have spoken enough about Try/Catch, and I figure someone else in the class will probably talk about that.